hard to tell you a secret that will see
you through all the trials that life can
offer have courage and be kind
you'll merely be your stepmother and
you'll have two lovely sisters to keep
you company so I'll know as far away as
I may be that you'll be safe
wouldn't you prefer to eat when all the
work is done Ella yes stepmother won't
even call me that
madam will do cinderwench dirty Ella
cinder are you all right miss what did
he call you never mind what they call me
I'm sorry it's not your doing no yours
either ombre I hope to see you again
miss and I you
hell you have more kindness in your
little finger than most people possess
in their whole body it was my mother's
address it would be an insult to take
you to the palace dressed in these rags
oh you shall not go to the ball excuse
me why are you crying
who are you that's better my fairy
Kauffman
know where these mice
fate of glass and you find that really
comfortable now if you go for you shall
go to the ball
they're all knocking at you believe me
they're all looking at you
where there is kindness there is
goodness and where there is goodness
there is magic
I have to see her again
are you looking for this
Oh